✏️ Fix broken link to `@dataclass_transform` (now PEP 681) in `docs/features.md` (#753)
tiangolo/sqlmodel: docs/features.md

You won't need to keep guessing the types of different attributes in your models, if they could be `None`, etc. Your editor will be able to help you with everything because **SQLModel** is based on **standard Python type annotations**.

> **SQLModel** even adopts <a href="https://peps.python.org/pep-0681/" class="external-link" target="_blank">`@dataclass_transform`</a> for Python type annotations to ensure the **best developer experience**, so you will get inline errors and autocompletion even while creating new model instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**SQLModel** adopts <a href="https://peps.python.org/pep-0681/" class="external-link" target="_blank">`PEP 681`</a> for Python type annotations to ensure the **best developer experience**, so you will get inline errors and autocompletion even while creating new model instances.
```

Reviewer: we might also want to remove the info block below 😊

Reviewer 2: Makes sense, thanks @patrick91!
